Redis flood flush command (#275)
Gizra/drupal-starter: README.md

to the production environment and making a copy of the production file in your development site.

Configure the origin path at `/admin/config/system/stage_file_proxy`.

### Flood control

As the project uses Redis, it is not possible to use the SQL console to reset flood table.

> There's a custom DDEV command to help with that.
> Usages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a custom DDEV command to help with that. Usages:
```

```bash
ddev pantheon-flood-flush
ddev ddev-flood-flush
```

It purges all the entries from `live` environment, or from DDEV's own Redis.

```bash
ddev pantheon-flood-flush test
```

It purges all the entries from `test` environment.

```bash
ddev pantheon-flood-flush test 193.165.2.3
ddev ddev-flood-flush 193.165.2.3
```

> It purges entries related to `193.165.2.3` from `test` environment, or alternatively from DDEV's own Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purges entries related to IP `193.165.2.3` from Pantheon's `test` environment, or alternatively from DDEV's own Redis.
```
